{"title":"Discussion of 2018 plans","markdown":{"yaml":{"title":"Discussion of 2018 plans","slug":"jan2018","date":"2018-01-16"},"headingText":"Ideas on content to cover in the meetups","containsRefs":false,"markdown":"\n\nWe discussed plans for 2018 as a group. Below are notes from the discussion\n\n\n* trivia\n* short package intro and go through vignette with some extensions\n* go through datasets from different industries\n\n* people can ask questions (ask a few days before) so that they can be addressed during the meetup\n\n* Topics of interest:\n    + github\n    + docker/rocker\n    + setting up RStudio/Shiny in cloud (AWS, google cloud etc.)\n    + Markdown/knitr\n\n* Participate in hackathons\n\n* What folks want from the group:\n    + See different things\n    + intro stuff\n\n* Look to change location closer to downtown\n\n* Plan couple of months ahead\n\n* Have some pre-made content to fill periodically\n\n* Feb:\n    + Reticulate: 30 min Shankar\n    + Review of Rstudio conf: 1h Will Landau\n\n* March:\n    + Intro topic (data basics) - Todd\n\n* Somewhere: (Alex)\n    + using R with SQL, dbi\n    + Start to finish build your theme for ggplot\n"},"formats":{"html":{"execute":{"fig-width":7,"fig-height":5,"fig-format":"retina","fig-dpi":96,"df-print":"default","error":false,"eval":true,"cache":null,"freeze":false,"echo":true,"output":true,"warning":true,"include":true,"keep-md":false,"keep-ipynb":false,"ipynb":null,"enabled":null,"daemon":null,"daemon-restart":false,"debug":false,"ipynb-filters":[],"engine":"markdown"},"render":{"keep-tex":false,"keep-yaml":false,"keep-source":false,"keep-hidden":false,"prefer-html":false,"output-divs":true,"output-ext":"html","fig-align":"default","fig-pos":null,"fig-env":null,"code-fold":"none","code-overflow":"scroll","code-link":false,"code-line-numbers":false,"code-tools":false,"tbl-colwidths":"auto","merge-includes":true,"latex-auto-mk":true,"latex-auto-install":true,"latex-clean":true,"latex-max-runs":10,"latex-makeindex":"makeindex","latex-makeindex-opts":[],"latex-tlmgr-opts":[],"latex-input-paths":[],"latex-output-dir":null,"link-external-icon":false,"link-external-newwindow":false,"self-contained-math":false,"format-resources":[]},"pandoc":{"standalone":true,"wrap":"none","default-image-extension":"png","to":"html","css":["../styles.css"],"toc":true,"output-file":"2018-01-16-JanMeetup.html"},"language":{},"metadata":{"lang":"en","fig-responsive":true,"quarto-version":"1.0.36","theme":"cosmo","title":"Discussion of 2018 plans","slug":"jan2018","date":"2018-01-16"},"extensions":{"book":{"multiFile":true}}}}}