{"title":"Discussion of 2019 Plans","markdown":{"yaml":{"title":"Discussion of 2019 Plans","slug":"jan2019","date":"2019-01-15"},"headingText":"Topics of Interest:","containsRefs":false,"markdown":"\n\nWe discussed plans for 2019. We had sent a [survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Atha7ak8Oasn_RTqlKK5ROejnai8by4L8-vOk6UXpAE/edit) to the folks in IndyUseR meetup group (~400 members). We got only 13 responses. We reviewed the responses and factored those into our discussions. The summary of the 13 responses are in this [location](https://indyuser.github.io/IndyUserWebpg/presentationFiles/jan2019/IndyUserSurvey.html).\n\nWe discussed the following:\n\n* Have zoom meetings for the meetups so that folks can join online and location\nis less of a barrier\n* Try to have meeting topics confirmed well before the meetup date\n* Talked about having intro level talks to make the group welcoming to new R users\n* Talked about bringing back R trivia segment for each of the meetups\n* Will look into a R Training day\n\nSome of the topics of interest listed in this year's survey and talked about last year are listed in this [location](https://github.com/IndyUseR/Meetings/issues/4). Others can add to the list. It would also be great if anybody who is familiar with one of these topics volunteers to present to the group.\n\n## Survey\nWe will keep the [survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Atha7ak8Oasn_RTqlKK5ROejnai8by4L8-vOk6UXpAE/edit) open. We would appreciate it if you can fill out the survey."},"formats":{"html":{"execute":{"fig-width":7,"fig-height":5,"fig-format":"retina","fig-dpi":96,"df-print":"default","error":false,"eval":true,"cache":null,"freeze":false,"echo":true,"output":true,"warning":true,"include":true,"keep-md":false,"keep-ipynb":false,"ipynb":null,"enabled":null,"daemon":null,"daemon-restart":false,"debug":false,"ipynb-filters":[],"engine":"markdown"},"render":{"keep-tex":false,"keep-yaml":false,"keep-source":false,"keep-hidden":false,"prefer-html":false,"output-divs":true,"output-ext":"html","fig-align":"default","fig-pos":null,"fig-env":null,"code-fold":"none","code-overflow":"scroll","code-link":false,"code-line-numbers":false,"code-tools":false,"tbl-colwidths":"auto","merge-includes":true,"latex-auto-mk":true,"latex-auto-install":true,"latex-clean":true,"latex-max-runs":10,"latex-makeindex":"makeindex","latex-makeindex-opts":[],"latex-tlmgr-opts":[],"latex-input-paths":[],"latex-output-dir":null,"link-external-icon":false,"link-external-newwindow":false,"self-contained-math":false,"format-resources":[]},"pandoc":{"standalone":true,"wrap":"none","default-image-extension":"png","to":"html","css":["../styles.css"],"toc":true,"output-file":"2019-01-15-JanMeetup.html"},"language":{},"metadata":{"lang":"en","fig-responsive":true,"quarto-version":"1.0.36","theme":"cosmo","title":"Discussion of 2019 Plans","slug":"jan2019","date":"2019-01-15"},"extensions":{"book":{"multiFile":true}}}}}